(upbeat music)
Hi, what we wanna do here
is just kind of go through the website
and Paula shop, any loose corners, things like that,
as well as loose...
are loose corners polished?
You know what I mean.
And as well as like make sure that the whole thing
is nicely responsive.
So just looking at the homepage here,
and I'm noticing this copyrights Slicks Slices 2020.
That should be centered.
So let's go to our layout and,
no, that's in our footer,
and we'll just give it a class of center.
Boom, that one's fixed, okay?
Next I want to work on the responsiveness.
Oh, and actually let's,
let's tackle all these like react issues right here.
So, should have a unique key prop unloading grid.
Let's look that up.
Loading grid,
here we go.
So let's say key is equal to,
we'll call it a loader
cause I'm tempted just to put i,
but then if something else on the page has that
so we'll call it loader dash,
we'll integrate the number in there.
Okay, now we've got the same thing in item grid.
All right go,
we'll say key is equal to,
I believe the item has an ID in this case
so we can just use that.
Boom, I don't think so actually,
so I'm gonna check.
Console dot log items.
Oh, it's underscore id, okay.
So add an underscore there,
get rid of that console log.
Get rid of this fetching data too.
Sometimes I leave stuff in,
there we go,
get rid of that.
These image cropped are truncated.
It's not, looks fine.
I don't know what that,
I ignore that error.
Of course these errors always show up in Firefox
for whatever reason there's nothing to worry about.
That's looking good.
Let's just click through the rest of the pages.
Make sure anything, there we go.
Let's open up the toppings filter clear out that.
So here we go, boom, boom.
And toppings filter line 80.
Looks good.
Go to a specific topping slice masters,
oh, here's another slice masters
has got these key errors all over the place.
So we'll go to slice masters,
and we'll look for a map,
there we go.
Key is equal to person dot underscore id.
Oh no, in this case it's just id.
So you see that the issue we just had there
is that in Gatsby it's just dot id,
but when you're getting the data straight from Sanity
it's underscore id.
And then the same thing is happening in pagination.
Look for map,
there we go.
Key is equal to,
and we'll just make up a key page
and we'll use the index to make it unique.
Beautiful, and then order ahead,
looking good.
All right, so that's fixed.
Next is let's go mobile and start making sure,
I think the first thing that needs
to be dealt with is this nav,
at a certain time slice masters overrides the logo.
Yeah, so around,
let's fix this first.
I was like, why is that not centered, right?
So let's take a look here.
This list item,
if we put a text line center on there
and then display block,
ooh, there we go.
That's what we want,
if we do even need that, no.
Okay, so that's what we want.
Let's go into our nav and find the nav styles,
Ul, li, a,
put a display block on there
and that will, it fill up the entire grid item
or flex item grid item.
Oh, that's a bit weird.
You go bigger and smaller slice masters runs into it,
and then resize, it's fine.
Something funky is going on
with this logo.
And is it because of reason that clamp,
let's look it up.
Logo, what that, font size,
let's see.
Oh, that's way too big.
Oh yeah, this was supposed to be in pixels,
six px.
I did read about some issues with clamp
and I actually even logged a bug with Safari and clamp.
I wonder if those issues live in Firefox as well.
Yes yeah, fresh,
it looks better.
Let's check it out in Safari.
Let's bring back that weird clamp,
let's see if the issue is in Safari as well.
Smaller,
no, it's only in Firefox.
So the issue was when I went smaller,
yeah, weird issue with clamp.
All right, I guess I can't use that.
I'm just gonna stick with six px,
or maybe even six vw.
Whoa, 0.3 vws?
That's looking a little bit better.
I bet 0.6 would look better.
Now is that,
yes, still the same issue.
All right, we're going back just to pixels.
I'm sure some of you will figure it out
and send me a pull request on GitHub
and we can add it in,
but I'm not gonna goof around with that too much.
Right, let's let's look at this nav now.
So as it gets smaller,
so at about 800px,
we need to make the font size smaller.
So we'll go to,
what's this?
Font size,
let's go back to our nav.
Oh, let's find that a and we'll say at media.
So the cool thing about stock components
is you can put your media queries right inside
of your selector.
So at media,
max width, 800px
say font size at 1.5rem.
Here we go.
Those are much smaller when we hit that break point,
maybe a little bit too small.
Let's go two rem.
There we go,
that's looking pretty good.
And then at a certain point,
this things are getting way too small.
So what we need to do is to put this Slick's Slices up above
and then put all these ones down below it.
So let's take a look at our, our nav here.
It's a grid with the columns of one, one, auto, one, one,
and at about 600px,
we'll rejig that.
So we could stick a media query directly inside this ul,
or just go to the bottom and write a media query
that will still be scoped to the whole nav.
So say @ media, max width, 600 PX,
and we'll grab our unordered list,
and we're gonna make two rows.
So grid template rows,
and we'll just make them both auto auto.
And then the columns,
we need to make grid, template, columns.
We need to make it like four columns,
but I'm gonna make this,
we're gonna have to change it down to two columns,
even once more.
So what I'm gonna do
is I'm gonna make a variable called columns.
And let's just say four.
And here we'll say repeat, var, dash dash columns, one fr.
Let's see what that's got, there we go.
So look at this,
now we've got one, two, three, four columns.
And then because we did two rows,
the second one is spilling over.
Now we need to grab onto this logo item, this li.
And in order to do that we need to pop a class on it.
So that is this one,
class name of logo dash item.
Go here,
we'll say dot logo, item, background red,
see what we're working with here?
Boom, that's the one we want,
and we want to put it before everything.
So order zero.
Okay, so I'll put it before everything
and then we want it to take up the entire row,
so we'll say grid column is one,
start at one and go to the end, negative one.
Boom, okay?
And then we want to center it.
So I believe that's justify items center.
Boom, okay.
So now we've got Slick Slices showing up there.
We'll also need to bring it down a little bit.
So we'll scrap the logo, say transform none.
That will bring it down to its original spot.
And we've got all our four items showing up down below here.
A little bit more,
we'll grab the nav and say margin bottom two rem,
a little bit of space in between there.
You could also say border bottom one px solid grey.
I don't, I don't really like that.
Maybe padding bottom two rem.
Yeah, that doesn't look too bad.
Maybe two px.
All right, that looks pretty good.
And then finally, once it gets even more clamped.
So at, I don't know, maybe at 500px,
we'll put these on two dual line.
So we'll go down here,
say at media,
max width 500px,
and all we have to do in this case
is just change the number of columns.
So overwrite that variable just to two,
and boom, look at that.
And that's so cool.
I love CSS variables cause you're just composing
this variable into here.
But in our case,
we don't have to select the ul
and then redo the columns.
Just change the variable,
and it will know enough to hop up there and show,
show that.
So (mumbles),
looking good.
All right, let's do that.
The next, next one is,
is, oh, look at this,
if you have a title
that is more than one line
like White After Labor Day,
the transform is all goofed up.
So let's go into that next.
So we'll go into believe the item grid,
oh, it's item styles,
let's go to that.
And it's positioned relative
and that's the paragraph right here.
So what I'm gonna do is I'll take off this transform
and see what we're working with.
Okay there.
Let's say top zero.
Okay, so my question is why if we absolute position this,
why is top zero not going to the top of the item style?
So let's inspect it and see why.
Oh, it's because that paragraph has margin on it.
So margins zero.
Okay good.
And then if we put back the rotate,
tick off the translate,
I believe if we transform,
translate Y not a percentage,
but a pixel value.
Yeah, like negative 20 pixels.
Not even 10, that looks good.
Now we anchor it from the top and go down,
so that that's looking pretty good.
Now let's deal with any responsive issues
that come up with this homepage grid.
So at a certain point,
let's call it 800 pixels,
it starts to look a little bit funky.
Hey says, this is another use case for sub grid.
I won't do it here
but where this is taking up two lines
and this is taking one line,
but they're not in the same grid,
you could use subgrid to align them
based on the highest item.
So next we need to,
yeah, let's call it 800px.
So we'll go to our grid, homepage grid.
We have two of these columns right here.
And at a certain point we'll make it one column.
So what we can do here is say, var columns,
say we one or two,
and then put the columns in there,
that doesn't do anything good.
And then we'll add media max with 800px,
columns, that's one.
Here we go.
So at a certain point that shows up.
You probably could even,
do four beside each other,
no, cause this is essentially four as Walnut,
don't do four.
So boom, boom, boom.
And I'm asking now,
does it ever need to go down to one?
I don't think so.
Like 320 is the smallest a phone will go.
Probably the only thing we need to do here
is make this text a little smaller.
So go to our item styles,
just say at media, maybe you can just do like font size,
two vw, five vw,
that's way too big, now it's not gonna work.
You could use clamp there.
Let's try it.
Clamp, clamp,
minimum 12px,
five vw and at a maximum 20px.
Yeah, that works out.
That's cool.
So I love stuff like this where like,
you don't even need to have a media query,
you just need to think ahead in terms of your font sizing.
And I would also say font size two rem
just for a fallback
for browsers that don't know what clamp is.
Just as a sort of a backup just in case.
So that's looking pretty good.
Let's go onto the next page here.
A pizza menu.
Let's go small.
All right, So what do we do,
what do we do about,
okay, this is already, this is already working.
So no worries there,
but like this is a bit much.
I think we just need to make the font size a bit smaller.
So we'll go to our toppings, filter,
and, font size, font size,
let's try the clamp again.
I'm a big fan of the clamp.
Unless it doesn't work then I don't like it.
A 1.5rem, one vw, Let's try that,
and 2.5rem,
let's see how that does.
That makes it a bit smaller,
is it too big?
Let's try two vw.
That's too big, 1.54?
I hit four instead.
Now it looks good,
as it gets smaller as you go.
Oh, it's good.
I like that.
And all the different pizzas are here.
Click through to one of the pizzas.
That's looking good,
order ahead.
Oh yes, this needs some work.
All right, let's this is probably just grid, right?
Didn't we already do some of this.
So let's look at the order, touches.
Then we comment out some,
let's look at where's our order styles?
Here we go.
Click through to that.
Yeah, we already did this.
Look at this, boom.
We go,
add some, add some, add some, add some,
one thing maybe.
I'm not sure if this would make sense or not is
put the order above it,
nah, no, that doesn't make sense,
this is good, I like this a lot.
It's looking good, Slice Masters.
How does our pagination look in mobile?
Oh, almost we almost got away with it.
We almost got away with it,
our people look good.
Our people look good but our pagination does not.
So what can we do about this pagination?
At a certain point,
maybe get word,
get rid of the word previous and next.
Let's look,
let's open up our pagination,
next, let's put out okay,
We're in a wrap,
our previous and next rap with abbreviation
and we'll wrap it in a span of the class of word.
And what we'll need to do is to add titles to these
because if we hide the word previous and next,
then we need to make them accessible.
So title should be previous page
and next page, okay?
Then we'll open our pagination styles.
Where's our pagination styles?
Oh, they're right here.
All right.
And we'll say at
800px that's it.
So at media,
max with 800px,
word, is it word?
What do we wrap it in,
span with the class of word,
display none.
Here we go, okay?
Now it's smaller, smaller, smaller.
Can we get down to 320, can we do it?
We can't,
oh, wait, we can.
Little tight, little tight,
let's not do that.
800px font size, 1.4rem,
yeah, just make it a little bit smaller.
We're a good shape, cool.
So that's that?
I believe that is looking pretty good.
Yeah, I've got no horizontal scrolling
or anything to deal with.
So, that is making it responsive
and all that one is a little bit more off the cuff
than necessarily normal,
but I thought I would sort of take care of it along
for the ride of just my process for saying,
"all right, I got this thing done,
now how to make this good on mobile."
And it really isn't all that many media queries,
if you're smart about using grid and flexbox,
and now clamp I'm ahead of time.